# 1983again

This program will draw random points in random places in sequential order within a defined area. As the points are being placed, start to connect them with a line, going in order of how they were drawn, and keep the lines visible until the program draws the specified number of points. Once it reaches the end, it will do the whole thing backwards and erase everything.  That's the animation.

I'm doing this project because I am currently learning CSS animation and (re)learning JavaScript and thought this would be a meaningful and fun one to do. The thing still has a lot of meaning for me, and re-doing it today feels like it will be a great full circle and yet a begninning. 

This project recreates the first computer animation project I ever did, senior year of high school, in 1983, on an Apple II or II+ in BASIC (Integer BASIC?). I was pretty proud of it. It was the first time I realized that I understood coding better than most people. I "got it." I also remember some people in class (a lot of people actually) being irritated that I understood everything right away, even though I had no real exposre to computers at that point either. I was always really good in school but was never ribbed for it except in this class. It was the first year they began to offer Computer Science (or was it called Computer Programming then?) at our high school, Green Bay East, in Green Bay, WI. I also didn't reallly follow the assignment instructions. We were supposed "Make an animation" and the teacher suggested that we move/animate a form - like a box or a house or a cat or a car - across the screen, but I did this instead. Out of laziness?  Knowing that I didn't feel like drawing something?  Because the performance of the animation was slow?  Beacuse I wanted to try RND()?  It really was a lot easier and cooler than the suggested project. The teacher gave me an A but noted that I really din't follow the instructions. It was an animation. After high school I attended and graduated from UW-Madison with a B.S. in Economics with a math emphasis and ALMOST a computer science minor. (B- GPA did not cut it for the CS dept) I took a CS class most semesters including PASCAL, COBOL, FORTRAN and the worst one (wich I failed the first time) doing like I/O busses and C and scary printer things. My highlight class was a PDP-11 machine language class taught by a woman in 1984. I did really well in that class and felt awesome about it.

I'm Emily Norton and since 1994, I have worked in the field as an Information Architect, Indormation Designer, UX/UI Designer, Front End Developer, IT Analyst, Design Director, unofficial Product Manager, and consultant. During this same timeframe, I raised two daughters (part of the time on my own) who are now 23 and 27 and doing well and living on their own and they both (gotta degree) and are artists and doers and readers and are thoughtful and gentle people and they still like me (in general), that makes me the happiest of all. 
